# Meeting 4

* Attendance: 100%

In this meeting we discussed testing and continued ironing out some issues with the Docker image we created during last week's meeting. When Jared tried to build the image on his Windows machine, he was encountering errors that I hadn't been on my Mac. We troubleshooted (troubleshot?) for a bit until it seemed to build correctly, although connecting to it from the host machine was still not quite working. Since it seemed like a problem specific to Docker on Windows (and one that seemed at least somewhat well-documented), Jared said he'd continue working out the problem on his own.

With that out of the way, we looked into ways to test our project. Because our project is dockerized, we thought it might be a good idea to run tests against a running instance in Docker. However, upon attempting to do so in a shell script, we quickly realized that this method might not work. If we executed the `docker run` command normally, it would never exit and the shell script could not move on to executing test commands against the running container. If we executed the same command, but specifying that it run in the background, the shell script would immediately try to execute the test commands before the container was up and running. So, we resolved to instead (at least for the Angular portion of this project) run `ng test` commands upon building the container itself. Then, in our test.sh file we include the `ng test` commands themselves to be run on the host machine, rather than on a docker container running within it.

Not much else happened in this meeting, it was mostly troubleshooting various Docker issues. We also decided that it's probably a good idea to do local development by running `ng serve` on the host machine itself rather than going through the effort of creating a new docker image. So, the "production" version of our project will run in Docker, but development will be done on the host. Only once a change is ready to be pushed will a docker image be built and checked against.
